Make constructors in Parameter trait fallible (#161)
feos-org/feos: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Adjusted all model's implementation of `Parameter` which now requires `Result`s in some methods. [#161](https://github.com/feos-org/feos/pull/161)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjusted all models' implementation of the `Parameter` trait which now requires `Result`s in some methods. [#161](https://github.com/feos-org/feos/pull/161)
```
